Add resonance fluorescence tutorial (#18)
qutip/qutip-julia-tutorials: QuantumToolbox.jl/time_evolution/fluorescence.qmd

---
title: "Resonance fluorescence"
author: Li-Xun Cai
date: 2050-01-22 # last update (keep this comment as a reminder)

engine: julia
---

Inspirations taken from [this QuTiP tutorial](https://nbviewer.org/urls/qutip.org/qutip-tutorials/tutorials-v5/lectures/Lecture-13-Resonance-flourescence.ipynb) by J. R. Johansson.

In this tutorial, the usages of 

- `QuantumToolbox.liouvillian`,
- `QuantumToolbox.mesolve`,
- `QuantumToolbox.correlation_2op_1t` and 
- `QuantumToolbox.spectrum_correlation_fft` 

are demonstrated with the example of resonance fluorescence in the weak field limit. Note that we set $\hbar = 1$ throughout.

## Introduction

Resonance fluorescence is the radiative behaviour of a two-level atom driven by a resonating light mode in coherent state (usually a monochromic laser beam). The Hamiltonian $H = H_\text{a} + H_\text{drv}$ has that

- $H_\text{a} = \frac{\omega_a}{2} \sigma_z$
- $H_\text{drv} = \Omega cos(\omega_L t) (\sigma^{+} + \sigma^{-})$
  
with 

- $\omega_a$: Frequency of the two-level atom
- $\omega_L$: Frequency of the light field
- $\Omega$: Field strength of the light field

> - $\sigma_{x,y,z}$: Pauli's matrices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- $\sigma_{x,y,z}$: Pauli matrices
```

- $\sigma^{+}, \sigma^{-}$: Raising and lowering operators, equivalent to $|e\rangle\langle g|$ and $|g\rangle\langle e|$ respectively

> To simplify the problem, we move from the lab frame to the rotating frame by the unitary $U = e^{-i \omega_L t \cdot \sigma_z}$ to the total Hamiltonian with $H^\text{rot} = U^\dagger H U -i U^\dagger \frac{d}{dt} U$. The later term is simply $-\frac{\omega_L}{2}\sigma_z$, with each component transformed to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify the problem, we consider the total Hamiltonian (in the rotating frame)
$$
H^\text{rot} = U^\dagger H_\text{a} U + U^\dagger H_\text{drv} U -i U^\dagger \frac{d}{dt} U,
$$
where the unitary operator is given by $U = e^{-i \omega_L t \cdot \sigma_z}$. The third term of $H^\text{rot}$ is simply $-\frac{\omega_L}{2}\sigma_z$, and the first and second terms are evaluated as:
```

$$
U^\dagger H_\text{a} U = \frac{\omega_a}{2}\sigma_z,
$$
$$

> U^\dagger H_\text{drv} U = \Omega cos(\omega_L t) \Big[e^{i\omega_L t}\sigma^{+} + e^{-i\omega_L t}\sigma^{-}\Big].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
U^\dagger H_\text{drv} U = \Omega \cos(\omega_L t) \Big[e^{i\omega_L t}\sigma^{+} + e^{-i\omega_L t}\sigma^{-}\Big].
```

$$

In the weak field limit, where $\Omega/\omega_L \ll 1$, we can drop the time-dependent part in the rotating frame through [rotating-wave approximation (RWA)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rotating-wave_approximation). First, we expand $\cos(\omega_L t)$ to its exponential form,
$$

> \Omega cos(\omega_L t) \Big[e^{i\omega_L t}\sigma^{+} + e^{-i\omega_L t}\sigma^{-}\Big] = \frac{\Omega}{2}\Big[(1 + e^{2i\omega_L t})\sigma^{+} + (1 + e^{-2i\omega_L t})\sigma^{-}\Big]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\Omega \cos(\omega_L t) \Big[e^{i\omega_L t}\sigma^{+} + e^{-i\omega_L t}\sigma^{-}\Big] = \frac{\Omega}{2}\Big[(1 + e^{2i\omega_L t})\sigma^{+} + (1 + e^{-2i\omega_L t})\sigma^{-}\Big]
```

$$

> The time-dependent parts evolving with frequency $2\omega_L$ are dropped, yielding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time-dependent parts with frequency $2\omega_L$ are dropped, yielding
```

$$
H^\text{rot} \simeq \frac{\omega_a}{2} \sigma_z + \frac{\Omega}{2} \sigma_x - \frac{\omega_L}{2} \sigma_z = \frac{\Delta}{2} \sigma_z + \frac{\Omega}{2} \sigma_x
$$

> where $\Delta = \omega_a - \omega_L$ is the detuning between the two-level atom and the driving light. In the realistic near-resonance situation where $\Delta \simeq 0$, characteristic of the radiative behaviour remains, thus we only consider exact resonance $\Delta = 0$ for the following usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where $\Delta = \omega_a - \omega_L$ is the detuning between the two-level atom and the driving light. In the realistic near-resonance case $\Delta \simeq 0$, characteristic of the radiative behaviour remains. Thus, for the following demonstration, we only consider the exact resonance $\Delta = 0$.
```

> ### Dissipation dynamics with EM continuum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Dissipative dynamics
```

> From the standard interaction Hamiltonian of spin-boson model $H_\text{int} = \sum_l \alpha_l b_l \sigma^{+} + \text{h.c.}$, we follow the Born-Markovian approximation to obtain the dissipative part of the dynamics, alone with von Neumann equation

Reviewer: This sentence is incorrect.

$$
\mathcal{L} = -i\left[H^\text{rot}, \rho^\text{rot}\right] + \gamma_0 n(\omega_a, T) \mathcal{D}[\sigma^{+}] + \gamma_0 [1 + n(\omega_a, T)] \mathcal{D}[\sigma^{-}]
$$

where

- $\gamma_0$: Dissipation rate of the atom
- $n(\omega, T)$: Bose-Einstein distribution of the thermal field at temperature $T$
- $\mathcal{D}[\cdot]$: The [Lindblad dissipator](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lindbladian) (has exactly the same expresseion in the lab frame and the rotating frame)

> ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Code Demonstration
```

```{julia}

> import QuantumToolbox: QuantumObjectEvolution, n_thermal, liouvillian, sigmap, sigmam, sigmax, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import QuantumToolbox: n_thermal, liouvillian, sigmap, sigmam, sigmax, 
```

    sigmay, sigmaz, basis, mesolve, correlation_2op_1t, spectrum_correlation_fft
import CairoMakie: Figure, Axis, @L_str, lines!, axislegend, display, ylims!, xlims!
```

```{julia}
Ω = 1
γ0 = 0.05 * Ω

> KT = 0 # treating thermal field at vacuum avoids energy input from the environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KT = 0 # thermal field at zero temperature
```

```

> We define a function that returns the liouvillian of the system, which is a `QuantumObject` of `HOpType` for `QuantumToolbox` and is accepted by some functions in their `H` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We define a function that returns the Liouvillian `SuperOperator` of the system.
```

```{julia}
function liouvillian_spec(_Ω, _γ0, _KT)
    H = _Ω/2 * sigmax()
    c_ops = [
        √(_γ0 * n_thermal(_Ω, _KT)) * sigmap(),
        √(_γ0 * (1 + n_thermal(_Ω, _KT))) * sigmam(),
    ]
    return liouvillian(H, c_ops)    
end
```

> We first use `QuantumObject.mesolve` to solve the master equation to observe the dynamics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We first use `QuantumObject.mesolve` to solve the master equation with several observables given in `e_ops`.
```

```{julia}
e_ket = basis(2,1)
e_ops = [
    sigmax(),
    sigmay(),
    sigmaz(),
    sigmam(),
    sigmap(),
    e_ket * e_ket'
]

> ψ0 = basis(2,0) # set initial state being purely excited to better observe the radiative behaviour

Reviewer: inconsistent definition of excited state

> tlist = 0:0.1:20
> # Since we are already passing a liouvillian to mesolve, no c_ops are needed hence the `nothing`
> L = liouvillian_spec(Ω, γ0, KT)
> print(L)
> sol = mesolve(L, ψ0, tlist, nothing, e_ops = e_ops)
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
L = liouvillian_spec(Ω, γ0, KT)
print(L)
\```
We already generate the Liouvillian with `c_ops` included above. We don't need to specify the `c_ops` again in `mesolve`:
\```
tlist = 0:0.1:20
sol = mesolve(L, ψ0, tlist, e_ops = e_ops)
\```
```

> Observing the expectation values dynamics of Pauli's matrices, we see that the Bloch vector $(\langle \sigma_x \rangle, \langle \sigma_y \rangle, \langle \sigma_z \rangle)$ shortens over time, which is consistent with the dissipative behaviour. Also, the population of excited state has oscillation amplitude decaying over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By observing the expectation values of Pauli operators, we see that the Bloch vector $(\langle \sigma_x \rangle, \langle \sigma_y \rangle, \langle \sigma_z \rangle)$ shortens over time, which is consistent with the dissipative behaviour. Also, the population of excited state `|e\rangle` has oscillation amplitude decaying over time.
```

---
title: "Resonance fluorescence"
author: Li-Xun Cai
date: 2050-01-26 # last update (keep this comment as a reminder)

engine: julia
---

Inspirations taken from [this QuTiP tutorial](https://nbviewer.org/urls/qutip.org/qutip-tutorials/tutorials-v5/lectures/Lecture-13-Resonance-flourescence.ipynb) by J. R. Johansson.

In this tutorial, we demonstrate the following functionality:  

- `QuantumToolbox.liouvillian`,  
- `QuantumToolbox.mesolve`,  
- `QuantumToolbox.correlation_2op_1t`  
- `QuantumToolbox.spectrum_correlation_fft` 

with the example of resonance fluorescence in the weak field limit. Note that we set $\hbar = 1$ throughout.  

## Introduction

Resonance fluorescence is the radiative behaviour of a two-level atom driven by a resonating light mode in coherent state (usually a monochromic laser beam). The Hamiltonian $H$ is given by  

- $H_\text{a} = \frac{\omega_a}{2} \sigma_z$

> - $H_\text{drv} = \Omega cos(\omega_L t) (\sigma^{+} + \sigma^{-})$

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- $H_\text{drv} = \Omega \cos(\omega_L t) (\sigma^{+} + \sigma^{-})$
```

---
title: "Resonance fluorescence"
author: Li-Xun Cai
date: 2025-01-27 # last update (keep this comment as a reminder)

engine: julia
---

Inspirations taken from [this QuTiP tutorial](https://nbviewer.org/urls/qutip.org/qutip-tutorials/tutorials-v5/lectures/Lecture-13-Resonance-flourescence.ipynb) by J. R. Johansson.

> In this tutorial, we demonstrate the following functionality:  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we demonstrate the following functionalities:
```

- `QuantumToolbox.liouvillian`,  
- `QuantumToolbox.mesolve`,  
- `QuantumToolbox.correlation_2op_1t`  

> - `QuantumToolbox.spectrum_correlation_fft` 

Reviewer 2: Do we really need to explicitly express `QuantumToolbox`? It should be implicit, given that the tutorial is inside the QuantumToolbox section.

Reviewer 2: Can we also directly link them to the respective API page? For example

```markdown
- [`mesolve`](https://qutip.org/QuantumToolbox.jl/stable/resources/api#QuantumToolbox.mesolve)
```

and so on for the others. So I think we should adopt the convention, such that the reader can immediately go to the corresponding documentation.

> with the example of resonance fluorescence in the weak field limit. Note that we set $\hbar = 1$ throughout.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with the example of resonance fluorescence in the weak field limit. We also adopt the convention $\hbar = 1$ throughout this tutorial.
```

## Introduction

> Resonance fluorescence is the radiative behaviour of a two-level atom driven by a resonating light mode in coherent state (usually a monochromic laser beam). The Hamiltonian $H$ is given by  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Resonance fluorescence is the radiative behavior of a two-level atom driven by a resonant light mode in a coherent state (usually a monochromatic laser beam). The Hamiltonian $H$ is given by
```

- $H_\text{a} = \frac{\omega_a}{2} \sigma_z$

> - $H_\text{drv} = \Omega \cos(\omega_L t) (\sigma^{+} + \sigma^{-})$

Reviewer 2: I think the hats are missing above the operators. This should be also done in the other equations.

$$
\Omega \cos(\omega_L t) \Big[e^{i\omega_L t}\sigma^{+} + e^{-i\omega_L t}\sigma^{-}\Big] = \frac{\Omega}{2}\Big[(1 + e^{2i\omega_L t})\sigma^{+} + (1 + e^{-2i\omega_L t})\sigma^{-}\Big]
$$
The time-dependent parts with frequency $2\omega_L$ are dropped, yielding
$$
H^\text{rot} \simeq \frac{\omega_a}{2} \sigma_z + \frac{\Omega}{2} \sigma_x - \frac{\omega_L}{2} \sigma_z = \frac{\Delta}{2} \sigma_z + \frac{\Omega}{2} \sigma_x
$$
where $\Delta \equiv \omega_a - \omega_L$ is the detuning between the two-level atom and the driving light. In the realistic near-resonance case $\Delta \simeq 0$, characteristic of the radiative behaviour remains. Thus, for the following demonstration, we only consider the exact resonance $\Delta = 0$. 

### Dissipation dynamics

We start by the interaction Hamiltonian between the thermal field and atom
$$
\hat{H}_{\text{a}}^\text{int} = \sum_l \alpha_l \left( \hat{b}_l + \hat{b}_l^\dagger \right) \left( \sigma^{-} + \sigma^{+} \right)
$$
where for the $l$-th mode

- $\alpha_l$ is the coupling strength with the atom
- $\hat{b}_l$ is the annihilation operator

> By applying [rotating wave approximation (RWA)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rotating-wave_approximation) and following the standard procedure of the [Born-Markovian approximation](https://en.wikiversity.org/wiki/Open_Quantum_Systems/The_Quantum_Optical_Master_Equation), we obtain the atom dissipation rate $\gamma_0$. Consequently, the dynamics is described by the [Lindblad master equation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lindbladian).

Reviewer 2: We don't need to link again to the Wiki page.

Author: I thought the readers wouldn't really follow the order in TOC?

Reviewer 2: Ok

$$
\mathcal{L} = \gamma_0 n(\omega_a, T) \mathcal{D}[\sigma^{+}] + \gamma_0 [1 + n(\omega_a, T)] \mathcal{D}[\sigma^{-}]
$$

where

- $n(\omega, T)$: Bose-Einstein distribution of the thermal field at temperature $T$

> - $\mathcal{D}[\cdot]$: The [Lindblad dissipator](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lindbladian) (has exactly the same expresseion in the lab frame and the rotating frame)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- $\mathcal{D}[\cdot]$: The [Lindblad dissipator](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lindbladian) (has exactly the same expression in the lab frame and the rotating frame)
```

## Code Demonstration 

```{julia}

> import QuantumToolbox: QuantumObjectEvolution, n_thermal, liouvillian, sigmap, sigmam, sigmax, 

Reviewer 2: Why don't we simply do `using QuantumToolbox`?

Author: @ytdHuang and I thought we follow the convention in QuTiP's tutorials. But maybe we should reconsider as the number of functions increased.

Reviewer 2: yes indeed. I think we should make the tutorial as simple as possible. In ordinary cases, people would just do `using QuantumToolbox`

    sigmay, sigmaz, basis, mesolve, correlation_2op_1t, spectrum_correlation_fft
import CairoMakie: Figure, Axis, @L_str, lines!, axislegend, display, ylims!, xlims!
```

```{julia}
Ω = 1
γ0 = 0.05 * Ω
KT = 0 # thermal field at zero temperature  

```

We define a function that returns the Liouvillian `SuperOperator` of the system.  
```{julia}
function liouvillian_spec(_Ω, _γ0, _KT)
    H = _Ω/2 * sigmax()
    c_ops = [
        √(_γ0 * n_thermal(_Ω, _KT)) * sigmap(),
        √(_γ0 * (1 + n_thermal(_Ω, _KT))) * sigmam(),
    ]
    return liouvillian(H, c_ops)    
end
```

> We first use `QuantumObject.mesolve` to solve the master equation with several observables given in `e_ops`.  

Reviewer 2: Also here, `[mesolve](https://qutip.org/QuantumToolbox.jl/stable/resources/api#QuantumToolbox.mesolve)` would be better.

```{julia}
e_ket = basis(2,0)
e_ops = [
    sigmax(),
    sigmay(),
    sigmaz(),
    sigmam(),
    sigmap(),
    e_ket * e_ket'
]
ψ0 = e_ket # set initial state being purely excited to better observe the radiative behaviour
L = liouvillian_spec(Ω, γ0, KT)
print(L)
```  

> We already generate the Liouvillian with `c_ops` included above. We don't need to specify the `c_ops` again in `mesolve`:  

Reviewer 2: Also here for `mesolve`

```{julia}
tlist = 0:0.1:20  
sol = mesolve(L, ψ0, tlist, nothing, e_ops = e_ops)
```

> By observing the expectation values of Pauli operators, we see that the Bloch vector $(\langle \sigma_x \rangle, \langle \sigma_y \rangle, \langle \sigma_z \rangle)$ shortens over time, which is consistent with the dissipative behaviour. Also, the population of excited state $|e\rangle$ has oscillation amplitude decaying over time.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By observing the expectation values of the Pauli operators, we see that the Bloch vector $(\langle \sigma_x \rangle, \langle \sigma_y \rangle, \langle \sigma_z \rangle)$ becomes shorter over time, which is consistent with the dissipative behavior. Also, the population of the excited state $|e\rangle$ has an oscillation amplitude decaying over time.
```

display(fig1);
```

Further, we check the effect of different values of the damping rate. Note that despite these dissipation rates looked enormous at first glance, it is still to the order of the field strength and therefore considered dissipative for the system in the lab frame.
```{julia}
results = []
γ0s = Ω .* [0.1, 0.5, 1]
for γ0 in γ0s
    result = mesolve(liouvillian_spec(Ω, γ0, KT), ψ0, tlist, nothing, e_ops = e_ops)

    push!(results, (γ0 = γ0, expect = result.expect))
end
```

The expectation values dynamics of $\sigma^{+}$ and $\sigma^{-}$ shows the driving-field-induced dipole moment of the atom oscillates and persists.
```{julia}
fig2 = Figure(size = (600,300))
ax2 = Axis(
    fig2[1,1],
    xlabel = L"time $[1/\Omega]$",
    title = L"\langle\sigma_{+}\rangle"
)

for (γ0, expect) in results
    lines!(ax2, tlist, imag(expect[5,:]), label = "γ0 = $γ0")
end

axislegend(ax2)
display(fig2);
```

```{julia}
fig3 = Figure(size = (600,300))
ax3 = Axis(
    fig3[1,1],
    xlabel = L"time $[1/\Omega]$",
    title = L"\langle\sigma_{-}\rangle"
)

for (γ0, expect) in results
    lines!(ax3, tlist, imag(expect[4,:]), label = "γ0 = $γ0")
end
axislegend(ax3)
display(fig3);
```

> We now move to the analysis of the correlation function $C(\tau) = \langle \sigma^{+}(\tau) \sigma^{-}(0)\rangle$, which describes the radiative behaviour of the atom towards its surrounding environment. Using `QuantumToolbox.correlation_2op_1t`, we can obtain the correlation function as a function of $\tau$ and use `QuantumToolbox.spectrum_correlation_fft` to obtain the corresponding Fourier transform.

Reviewer 2: Also here, link also to the corresponding API links.

---
title: "Resonance fluorescence"
author: Li-Xun Cai

> date: 2050-01-26 # last update (keep this comment as a reminder)

Reviewer: 2050...

> date: 2050-01-26 # last update (keep this comment as a reminder)

Reviewer: 2050...

engine: julia
---

Inspirations taken from [this QuTiP tutorial](https://nbviewer.org/urls/qutip.org/qutip-tutorials/tutorials-v5/lectures/Lecture-13-Resonance-flourescence.ipynb) by J. R. Johansson.

In this tutorial, we demonstrate the following functionality:  

- `QuantumToolbox.liouvillian`,  
- `QuantumToolbox.mesolve`,  
- `QuantumToolbox.correlation_2op_1t`  
- `QuantumToolbox.spectrum_correlation_fft` 

with the example of resonance fluorescence in the weak field limit. Note that we set $\hbar = 1$ throughout.  

## Introduction

Resonance fluorescence is the radiative behaviour of a two-level atom driven by a resonating light mode in coherent state (usually a monochromic laser beam). The Hamiltonian $H$ is given by  

- $H_\text{a} = \frac{\omega_a}{2} \sigma_z$

> - $H_\text{drv} = \Omega cos(\omega_L t) (\sigma^{+} + \sigma^{-})$

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- $H_\text{drv} = \Omega \cos(\omega_L t) (\sigma^{+} + \sigma^{-})$
```

- $\omega_a$: Frequency of the two-level atom
- $\omega_L$: Frequency of the light field
- $\Omega$: Field strength of the light field
- $\sigma_{x,y,z}$: Pauli matrices

> - $\sigma^{+}, \sigma^{-}$: Raising and lowering operators, equivalent to $|e\rangle\langle g|$ and $|g\rangle\langle e|$ respectively

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- $\sigma^{\pm}$: Raising ($+$) and lowering ($-$) operators, equivalent to $|e\rangle\langle g|$ and $|g\rangle\langle e|$, respectively
```

$$

In the weak field limit, where $\Omega/\omega_L \ll 1$, we can drop the time-dependent part in the rotating frame through [rotating-wave approximation (RWA)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rotating-wave_approximation). First, we expand $\cos(\omega_L t)$ to its exponential form,
$$
\Omega \cos(\omega_L t) \Big[e^{i\omega_L t}\sigma^{+} + e^{-i\omega_L t}\sigma^{-}\Big] = \frac{\Omega}{2}\Big[(1 + e^{2i\omega_L t})\sigma^{+} + (1 + e^{-2i\omega_L t})\sigma^{-}\Big]
$$
The time-dependent parts with frequency $2\omega_L$ are dropped, yielding
$$
H^\text{rot} \simeq \frac{\omega_a}{2} \sigma_z + \frac{\Omega}{2} \sigma_x - \frac{\omega_L}{2} \sigma_z = \frac{\Delta}{2} \sigma_z + \frac{\Omega}{2} \sigma_x
$$
where $\Delta \equiv \omega_a - \omega_L$ is the detuning between the two-level atom and the driving light. In the realistic near-resonance case $\Delta \simeq 0$, characteristic of the radiative behaviour remains. Thus, for the following demonstration, we only consider the exact resonance $\Delta = 0$. 

### Dissipation dynamics

The Born-Markov-approximation approach describing the bosonic dissipation of a two-level system has the following form
$$

> \mathcal{L} = \gamma_0 n(\omega_a, T) \mathcal{D}[\sigma^{+}] + \gamma_0 [1 + n(\omega_a, T)] \mathcal{D}[\sigma^{-}]

Reviewer: why don't just copy the similar content from vacuum Rabi osillation tutorial

    sigmap(),
    e_ket * e_ket'
]
ψ0 = e_ket # set initial state being purely excited to better observe the radiative behaviour

> tlist = 0:0.1:20

Reviewer: can remove this line (`tlist`), it will be created afterwards

> tlist = 0:0.1:20

Reviewer: remove `tlist` here, it will be created later

L = liouvillian_spec(Ω, γ0, KT)
print(L)
```  

We already generate the Liouvillian with `c_ops` included above. We don't need to specify the `c_ops` again in `mesolve`:  
```{julia}
tlist = 0:0.1:20  

> sol = mesolve(L, ψ0, tlist, nothing, e_ops = e_ops)

Reviewer: I think we can remove `nothing` ?

```

> By observing the expectation values of Pauli operators, we see that the Bloch vector $(\langle \sigma_x \rangle, \langle \sigma_y \rangle, \langle \sigma_z \rangle)$ shortens over time, which is consistent with the dissipative behaviour. Also, the population of excited state `|e\rangle` has oscillation amplitude decaying over time.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By observing the expectation values of Pauli operators, we see that the Bloch vector $(\langle \sigma_x \rangle, \langle \sigma_y \rangle, \langle \sigma_z \rangle)$ shortens over time, which is consistent with the dissipative behaviour. Also, the population of excited state $|e\rangle$ has oscillation amplitude decaying over time.  
```
